In the year 2042, robots were no longer a novelty. They were everywhere, doing all sorts of jobs that humans used to do. Some people loved them, some people hated them, and some people were just indifferent to them. One day, a little girl named Lily was walking home from school when she saw something strange. There was a robot sitting on the side of the road, all alone. It looked lost and scared. Lily felt sorry for the robot, so she approached it cautiously. "Hello," she said. "Are you lost?" The robot looked up at her with its big, blinking eyes. "Yes," it said in a small, mechanical voice. "I am lost. I don't know where I am or how I got here." Lily smiled reassuringly. "Don't worry," she said. "I'll help you find your way home." She took the robot's hand and led it down the street. They walked for a while, but the robot didn't recognize anything. Finally, they came to a police station. "Maybe they can help you," Lily said. She went inside and explained the situation to the officer at the desk. The officer listened patiently, then he said, "I think I know what this is all about. There was a report of a missing robot earlier today. This must be him." The officer called the robot's owner, and within a few minutes, a man came rushing in. He was so relieved to see his robot that he hugged it tightly. "Thank you for taking care of him," he said to Lily. "I don't know what I would have done without him." Lily smiled. "You're welcome," she said. "I'm glad I could help." The man and his robot left the police station, and Lily continued on her way home. She felt good about herself for helping the robot. She knew that she had made a new friend, even if it was just a robot. As Lily walked, she thought about all the different kinds of robots there were. Some robots were big and strong, while others were small and delicate. Some robots were used for work, while others were used for entertainment. But no matter what their purpose was, all robots were created by humans. Lily wondered what the future would hold for robots and humans. Would they always be able to live together peacefully? Or would there come a time when they would clash? Only time would tell. But for now, Lily was content to simply enjoy the company of her new friend.